Improve deploy/gitlab.md documentation (#1693)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/deploy/gitlab.md

## How to deploy

1. Set the correct `site` in `astro.config.mjs`.

> 2. Set `dist` in `astro.config.mjs` to `public`. GitLab Pages requires exposed files to be located in a folder called "public". So we're instructing Astro to put the static build output in a folder of that name.
> 3. If you were using the [`public/` directory](en/guides/images/#public) as a source of static files, you need to rename the folder and set `public` in `astro.config.mjs` accordantly.
> 
> Here is an example of a `astro.config.mjs` where the `public/` directory is set to `static`.
> 
>    ```js
>    export default defineConfig({
>      sitemap: true,
>      site: 'https://astro.build/',
>      dist: 'public',
>      public: 'static',
>    });

Reviewer: `````suggestion
2. Set `dist` in `astro.config.mjs` to `public`. GitLab Pages requires exposed files to be located in a folder called "public". This instructs Astro to put the static build output in a folder called `public`.

If you were using the [`public/` directory](/en/guides/images/#public) as a source of static files in your Astro project, rename it and use that new folder name in `astro.config.mjs` for the value of `public`.

For example, here are the correct `astro.config.mjs` settings when the `public/` directory is renamed to `static/`:

   ```js
   export default defineConfig({
     sitemap: true,
     site: 'https://astro.build/',
     dist: 'public',
     public: 'static',
   });
`````
Check the preview to make sure this is properly indented, but since there is only one code sample shown for both sets of instructions (`dist` and `public`), I think it makes sense to keep them together both as step 2. (And then, the step below Step 3 doesn't need to renamed.)

   ```

3. Create a file called `.gitlab-ci.yml` in the root of your project with the content below. This will build and deploy your site whenever you make changes to your content:

   ```yaml
   # The Docker image that will be used to build your app
   image: node:14
   
   pages:
     cache:
       paths:
         - node_modules/
     script:
         # Specify the steps involved to build your app here
       - npm install
       - npm run build

     artifacts:
       paths:

>          # The folder that contains the built files to be published. This
>          # must be called "public".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         # The folder that contains the built files to be published.
         # This must be called "public".
```
See how it looks in preview, but might make sense to give each sentence its own line?

         - public
         - 
     only:

>        # Trigger a new build and deploy only when there is a push to the
>        # below branch(es)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       # Trigger a new build and deploy only when there is a push to the
       # branch(es) below
```

## How to deploy

1. Set the correct `site` in `astro.config.mjs`.

> 2. Set `outDir` in `astro.config.mjs` to `public`. GitLab Pages requires exposed files to be located in a folder called "public". This instructs Astro to put the static build output in a folder called `public`.
> 
> If you were using the [`public/` directory](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#publicdir) as a source of static files in your Astro project, rename it and use that new folder name in `astro.config.mjs` for the value of `publicDir`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set `outDir:public` in `astro.config.mjs`. GitLab Pages requires exposed files to be located in a folder called "public". This setting instructs Astro to put the static build output in a folder called `public`.

If you were using the [`public/` directory](/en/core-concepts/project-structure/#public) as a source of static files in your Astro project, rename it and use that new folder name in `astro.config.mjs` for the value of `publicDir`.
```
Good call on changing the link, and I think we can even do better! I think I like the link to the project structure page where we talk about each main folder/file in a basic Astro project setup.

I also changed the beginning of the instruction to make it less cluttered with all the styled words. Maybe this looks a little cleaner now?

Author: I agree that is an even better link. :smile: 

I think the beginning is cleaner now.
But I just now noticed there is two phrases ending with "in a folder called `public`", so maybe if we bring them together the paragraph would look even better.

Maybe:

> This setting instructs Astro to put the static build output in a folder called `public`, which is the folder required by GitLab Pages for exposed files.

Since english is not my first language, I'm not sure if it sounds natural, so I'm totally open for suggestions.

Reviewer: I like it a lot! Let's do that, and then I think this PR is good to go!  🥳
